Question 1
Which of the following is valid notation for a set in CodeSkulptor?

set([])	
set([1, 2, 3])	

Question 2
Which of the following operations can mutate set s? You may want to try some examples in CodeSkulptor and refer to the documentation.


s.update(s)		
s.add(x)		

Question 3
Which operation corresponds to the following description? Refer to the CodeSkulptor documentation.

Given two sets, s and t, we want a new set containing all the elements that are in one of the sets, but not both of the sets. For example, if s has the elements 1, 2, 3, 4, and t has the elements 3, 4, 5, 6, then the result should have the elements 1, 2, 5, 6.
		
s.symmetric_difference(t)	

Question 4
A set is an unordered collection of distinct elements. Which of the following problem contexts represent instances of this idea?

Group of distinct cities

Question 5
How many frames per second are typically projected in modern movies? How many times per second is the draw handler typically called in CodeSkulptor?

Enter two numbers representing these frame rates in frames per second. Use only spaces to separate the numbers.

Answer for Question 5
24 60

Question 6
The bonus portion of this week's mini-project defines and uses a Sprite class to support animations. Each animated sprite includes an associated tiled image, each of whose sub-images are drawn in turn during the process of animating the sprite.

What attribute (also known as a field) of this Sprite class can be used to select the appropriate sub-image to draw during this animation process? (If you are stuck, review the bonus phase in the mini-project description.)
		
age	

Question 7
Consider a horizontally-tiled image where each sub-image has the same size. If each sub-image is of size 60×90 (in pixels), what is the horizontal distance (in pixels) between the centers of adjacent sub-images?

60

Question 8
How many distinct numbers are printed by the following code? Enter the count.

def next(x):
    return (x ** 2 + 79) % 997

x = 1
for i in range(1000):
    print x
    x = next(x)
Hint: Consider how editing the code to use a set could help solve the question.

46	

Question 9
Which instructor exhibits the best coding style?
		
Scott		His code is well commented and well structured. And he wears awesome looking ties.
